Categorize Event Reference events (#1529)
Pycord-Development/pycord: docs/api.rst

    errors. In order to turn a function into a coroutine they must be ``async def``
    functions.

Application Commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.. function:: on_application_command(context)

    Called when an application command is received.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param context: The ApplicationContext associated to the command being received.
    :type context: :class:`ApplicationContext`

.. function:: on_application_command_completion(context)

    Called when an application command is completed, after any checks have finished.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param context: The ApplicationContext associated to the command that was completed.
    :type context: :class:`ApplicationContext`

.. function:: on_application_command_error(context, exception)

    Called when an application command has an error.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param context: The ApplicationContext associated to the command that has an error.
    :type context: :class:`ApplicationContext`

    :param exception: The DiscordException associated to the error.

>     :type exception: :class:`DiscordException`

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be an ApplicationCommandInvokeError?

Author: I don't know, I copied and pasted it from the previous, and in current pycord docs, it is a `DiscordException`
https://docs.pycord.dev/en/master/api.html#discord.on_application_command_error

    Called when an auto moderation action is executed.

    The bot must have :attr:`~Permissions.manage_guild` to receive this, and 
    :attr:`Intents.auto_moderation_execution` must be enabled.

    :param payload: The event's data.
    :type payload: :class:`AutoModActionExecutionEvent`

Bans
~~~~
.. function:: on_member_ban(guild, user)

    Called when user gets banned from a :class:`Guild`.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.bans` to be enabled.

    :param guild: The guild the user got banned from.
    :type guild: :class:`Guild`
    :param user: The user that got banned.
                 Can be either :class:`User` or :class:`Member` depending if
                 the user was in the guild or not at the time of removal.
    :type user: Union[:class:`User`, :class:`Member`]

.. function:: on_member_unban(guild, user)

    Called when a :class:`User` gets unbanned from a :class:`Guild`.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.bans` to be enabled.

    :param guild: The guild the user got unbanned from.
    :type guild: :class:`Guild`
    :param user: The user that got unbanned.
    :type user: :class:`User`

Channels
~~~~~~~~

> .. function:: on_private_channel_update(before, after)

Reviewer 2: g is before p in the alphabet

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param context: The ApplicationContext associated to the command being received.
    :type context: :class:`ApplicationContext`

.. function:: on_application_command_completion(context)

    Called when an application command is completed, after any checks have finished.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param context: The ApplicationContext associated to the command that was completed.
    :type context: :class:`ApplicationContext`

.. function:: on_application_command_error(context, exception)

    Called when an application command has an error.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param context: The ApplicationContext associated to the command that has an error.
    :type context: :class:`ApplicationContext`

    :param exception: The DiscordException associated to the error.
    :type exception: :class:`DiscordException`
    
.. function:: on_unknown_application_command(interaction)

    Called when an application command was not found in the bot's internal cache.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param interaction: The interaction associated to the unknown command.
    :type interaction: :class:`Interaction`

> AutoMod Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
AutoMod
~~~~~~~
```

    :attr:`Intents.auto_moderation_configuration` must be enabled.

    :param rule: The newly created rule.
    :type rule: :class:`AutoModRule`

.. function:: on_auto_moderation_rule_update(rule)

    Called when an auto moderation rule is updated.

    The bot must have :attr:`~Permissions.manage_guild` to receive this, and 
    :attr:`Intents.auto_moderation_configuration` must be enabled.

    :param rule: The updated rule.
    :type rule: :class:`AutoModRule`

.. function:: on_auto_moderation_rule_delete(rule)

    Called when an auto moderation rule is deleted.

    The bot must have :attr:`~Permissions.manage_guild` to receive this, and 
    :attr:`Intents.auto_moderation_configuration` must be enabled.

    :param rule: The deleted rule.
    :type rule: :class:`AutoModRule`

.. function:: on_auto_moderation_action_execution(guild, action)

    Called when an auto moderation action is executed.

    The bot must have :attr:`~Permissions.manage_guild` to receive this, and 
    :attr:`Intents.auto_moderation_execution` must be enabled.

    :param payload: The event's data.
    :type payload: :class:`AutoModActionExecutionEvent`

> Bans Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Bans
~~~~
```

.. function:: on_member_ban(guild, user)

    Called when user gets banned from a :class:`Guild`.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.bans` to be enabled.

    :param guild: The guild the user got banned from.
    :type guild: :class:`Guild`
    :param user: The user that got banned.
                 Can be either :class:`User` or :class:`Member` depending if
                 the user was in the guild or not at the time of removal.
    :type user: Union[:class:`User`, :class:`Member`]

.. function:: on_member_unban(guild, user)

    Called when a :class:`User` gets unbanned from a :class:`Guild`.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.bans` to be enabled.

    :param guild: The guild the user got unbanned from.
    :type guild: :class:`Guild`
    :param user: The user that got unbanned.
    :type user: :class:`User`

> Channel Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Channels
~~~~~~~~
```

    :param shard_id: The shard ID that has disconnected.
    :type shard_id: :class:`int`

Bot State Event Reference
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. function:: on_ready()

Reviewer: This can be categorized as 'connection'

    :type shard_id: :class:`int`
.. function:: on_ready()

    Called when the client is done preparing the data received from Discord. Usually after login is successful
    and the :attr:`Client.guilds` and co. are filled up.

    .. warning::

        This function is not guaranteed to be the first event called.
        Likewise, this function is **not** guaranteed to only be called
        once. This library implements reconnection logic and thus will
        end up calling this event whenever a RESUME request fails.

.. function:: on_shard_ready(shard_id)

    Similar to :func:`on_ready` except used by :class:`AutoShardedClient`
    to denote when a particular shard ID has become ready.

    :param shard_id: The shard ID that is ready.
    :type shard_id: :class:`int`

.. function:: on_resumed()

    Called when the client has resumed a session.

.. function:: on_shard_resumed(shard_id)

    Similar to :func:`on_resumed` except used by :class:`AutoShardedClient`
    to denote when a particular shard ID has resumed a session.

    .. versionadded:: 1.4

    :param shard_id: The shard ID that has resumed.
    :type shard_id: :class:`int`

> Guild Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Guilds
~~~~~~
```

.. function:: on_guild_stickers_update(guild, before, after)

    Called when a :class:`Guild` updates its stickers.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.emojis_and_stickers` to be enabled.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param guild: The guild who got their stickers updated.
    :type guild: :class:`Guild`
    :param before: A list of stickers before the update.
    :type before: Sequence[:class:`GuildSticker`]
    :param after: A list of stickers after the update.
    :type after: Sequence[:class:`GuildSticker`]

.. function:: on_guild_available(guild)
              on_guild_unavailable(guild)

    Called when a guild becomes available or unavailable. The guild must have
    existed in the :attr:`Client.guilds` cache.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.guilds` to be enabled.

    :param guild: The guild that has changed availability.
    :type guild: :class:`Guild`

.. function:: on_webhooks_update(channel)

    Called whenever a webhook is created, modified, or removed from a guild channel.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.webhooks` to be enabled.

    :param channel: The channel that had its webhooks updated.
    :type channel: :class:`abc.GuildChannel`

> Integration Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Integrations
~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

.. function:: on_guild_integrations_update(guild)

    Called whenever an integration is created, modified, or removed from a guild.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.integrations` to be enabled.

    .. versionadded:: 1.4

    :param guild: The guild that had its integrations updated.
    :type guild: :class:`Guild`

.. function:: on_integration_create(integration)

    Called when an integration is created.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.integrations` to be enabled.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param integration: The integration that was created.
    :type integration: :class:`Integration`

.. function:: on_integration_update(integration)

    Called when an integration is updated.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.integrations` to be enabled.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param integration: The integration that was created.
    :type integration: :class:`Integration`

.. function:: on_raw_integration_delete(payload)

    Called when an integration is deleted.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.integrations` to be enabled.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param payload: The raw event payload data.
    :type payload: :class:`RawIntegrationDeleteEvent`

> Interactions Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Interactions
~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

.. function:: on_interaction(interaction)

    Called when an interaction happened.

    This currently happens due to application command invocations or components being used.

    .. warning::

        This is a low level function that is not generally meant to be used.
        If you are working with components, consider using the callbacks associated
        with the :class:`~discord.ui.View` instead as it provides a nicer user experience.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param interaction: The interaction data.
    :type interaction: :class:`Interaction`

> Invites Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Invites
~~~~~~~
```

    Called when an :class:`Invite` is created.
    You must have the :attr:`~Permissions.manage_channels` permission to receive this.

    .. versionadded:: 1.3

    .. note::

        There is a rare possibility that the :attr:`Invite.guild` and :attr:`Invite.channel`
        attributes will be of :class:`Object` rather than the respective models.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.invites` to be enabled.

    :param invite: The invite that was created.
    :type invite: :class:`Invite`

.. function:: on_invite_delete(invite)

    Called when an :class:`Invite` is deleted.
    You must have the :attr:`~Permissions.manage_channels` permission to receive this.

    .. versionadded:: 1.3

    .. note::

        There is a rare possibility that the :attr:`Invite.guild` and :attr:`Invite.channel`
        attributes will be of :class:`Object` rather than the respective models.

        Outside of those two attributes, the only other attribute guaranteed to be
        filled by the Discord gateway for this event is :attr:`Invite.code`.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.invites` to be enabled.

    :param invite: The invite that was deleted.
    :type invite: :class:`Invite`

> Member/User Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Members/Users
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

    Called when a :class:`Member` changes their :class:`VoiceState`.

    The following, but not limited to, examples illustrate when this event is called:

    - A member joins a voice or stage channel.
    - A member leaves a voice or stage channel.
    - A member is muted or deafened by their own accord.
    - A member is muted or deafened by a guild administrator.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.voice_states` to be enabled.

    :param member: The member whose voice states changed.
    :type member: :class:`Member`
    :param before: The voice state prior to the changes.
    :type before: :class:`VoiceState`
    :param after: The voice state after the changes.
    :type after: :class:`VoiceState`

.. function:: on_user_update(before, after)

    Called when a :class:`User` updates their profile.

    This is called when one or more of the following things change:

    - avatar
    - username
    - discriminator

    This requires :attr:`Intents.members` to be enabled.

    :param before: The updated user's old info.
    :type before: :class:`User`
    :param after: The updated user's updated info.
    :type after: :class:`User`

> Message Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Messages
~~~~~~~~
```

    If the message is found in the message cache,
    it can be accessed via :attr:`RawMessageUpdateEvent.cached_message`. The cached message represents
    the message before it has been edited. For example, if the content of a message is modified and
    triggers the :func:`on_raw_message_edit` coroutine, the :attr:`RawMessageUpdateEvent.cached_message`
    will return a :class:`Message` object that represents the message before the content was modified.

    Due to the inherently raw nature of this event, the data parameter coincides with
    the raw data given by the `gateway <https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/gateway#message-update>`_.

    Since the data payload can be partial, care must be taken when accessing stuff in the dictionary.
    One example of a common case of partial data is when the ``'content'`` key is inaccessible. This
    denotes an "embed" only edit, which is an edit in which only the embeds are updated by the Discord
    embed server.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.messages` to be enabled.

    :param payload: The raw event payload data.
    :type payload: :class:`RawMessageUpdateEvent`

> Reaction Event Reference
> ````````````````````````

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Reactions
`````````\
```
ignore the last backslash github breaks without it

    this is called regardless of the state of the internal message cache.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.reactions` to be enabled.

    :param payload: The raw event payload data.
    :type payload: :class:`RawReactionClearEvent`

.. function:: on_reaction_clear_emoji(reaction)

    Called when a message has a specific reaction removed from it. Similar to :func:`on_message_edit`,
    if the message is not found in the internal message cache, then this event
    will not be called. Consider using :func:`on_raw_reaction_clear_emoji` instead.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.reactions` to be enabled.

    .. versionadded:: 1.3

    :param reaction: The reaction that got cleared.
    :type reaction: :class:`Reaction`

.. function:: on_raw_reaction_clear_emoji(payload)

    Called when a message has a specific reaction removed from it. Unlike :func:`on_reaction_clear_emoji` this is called
    regardless of the state of the internal message cache.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.reactions` to be enabled.

    .. versionadded:: 1.3

    :param payload: The raw event payload data.
    :type payload: :class:`RawReactionClearEmojiEvent`

> Scheduled Events Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Scheduled Events
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

    :param message: The current message.
    :type message: :class:`Message`

> Message Deletion Event Reference

Reviewer: These subcategories are redundant and just add clutter

    :param shard_id: The shard ID that has disconnected.
    :type shard_id: :class:`int`

> 

Reviewer 2: Why was this line removed?

Author: Typo, probably

                    WebSocket library. It can be :class:`bytes` to denote a binary
                    message or :class:`str` to denote a regular text message.

Guilds
~~~~~~
.. function:: on_guild_join(guild)

    Called when a :class:`Guild` is either created by the :class:`Client` or when the
    :class:`Client` joins a guild.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.guilds` to be enabled.

    :param guild: The guild that was joined.
    :type guild: :class:`Guild`

.. function:: on_guild_remove(guild)

    Called when a :class:`Guild` is removed from the :class:`Client`.

    This happens through, but not limited to, these circumstances:

    - The client got banned.
    - The client got kicked.
    - The client left the guild.
    - The client or the guild owner deleted the guild.

    In order for this event to be invoked then the :class:`Client` must have
    been part of the guild to begin with. (i.e. it is part of :attr:`Client.guilds`)

    This requires :attr:`Intents.guilds` to be enabled.

    :param guild: The guild that got removed.
    :type guild: :class:`Guild`

.. function:: on_guild_update(before, after)

>     Called when a :class:`Guild` updates, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Called when a :class:`Guild` is updated, for example:
```

    - Changed name
    - Changed AFK channel
    - Changed AFK timeout
    - etc.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.guilds` to be enabled.

    :param before: The guild prior to being updated.
    :type before: :class:`Guild`
    :param after: The guild after being updated.
    :type after: :class:`Guild`

.. function:: on_guild_role_create(role)
              on_guild_role_delete(role)

>     Called when a :class:`Guild` creates or deletes a new :class:`Role`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Called when a :class:`Guild` creates or deletes a :class:`Role`.
```

    To get the guild it belongs to, use :attr:`Role.guild`.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.guilds` to be enabled.

    :param role: The role that was created or deleted.
    :type role: :class:`Role`

.. function:: on_guild_role_update(before, after)

    Called when a :class:`Role` is changed guild-wide.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.guilds` to be enabled.

    :param before: The updated role's old info.
    :type before: :class:`Role`
    :param after: The updated role's updated info.
    :type after: :class:`Role`

.. function:: on_guild_emojis_update(guild, before, after)

>     Called when a :class:`Guild` adds or removes :class:`Emoji`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Called when a :class:`Guild` adds or removes an :class:`Emoji`.
```

    This requires :attr:`Intents.emojis_and_stickers` to be enabled.

    :param guild: The guild who got their emojis updated.
    :type guild: :class:`Guild`
    :param before: A list of emojis before the update.
    :type before: Sequence[:class:`Emoji`]
    :param after: A list of emojis after the update.
    :type after: Sequence[:class:`Emoji`]

.. function:: on_guild_stickers_update(guild, before, after)

>     Called when a :class:`Guild` updates its stickers.

Reviewer: Consistency

```suggestion
    Called when a :class:`Guild` adds or removes a sticker.
```

    :param payload: The raw event payload data.
    :type payload: :class:`RawMessageUpdateEvent`

> Reaction Event Reference

Reviewer: This can be categorized under 'mesaage'

    :param interaction: The interaction data.
    :type interaction: :class:`Interaction`

Invites
~~~~~~~
.. function:: on_invite_create(invite)

    Called when an :class:`Invite` is created.

>     You must have the :attr:`~Permissions.manage_channels` permission to receive this.

Reviewer: I don't actually know what permission is required for this but `manage_channels` doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me

    This is only really useful for grabbing the WebSocket stream and
    debugging purposes.

    This requires setting the ``enable_debug_events`` setting in the :class:`Client`.

    .. note::

        This is only for the messages received from the client
        WebSocket. The voice WebSocket will not trigger this event.

    :param msg: The message passed in from the WebSocket library.
    :type msg: :class:`str`

.. function:: on_socket_raw_send(payload)

    Called whenever a send operation is done on the WebSocket before the
    message is sent. The passed parameter is the message that is being
    sent to the WebSocket.

    This is only really useful for grabbing the WebSocket stream and
    debugging purposes.

    This requires setting the ``enable_debug_events`` setting in the :class:`Client`.

    .. note::

        This is only for the messages sent from the client
        WebSocket. The voice WebSocket will not trigger this event.

    :param payload: The message that is about to be passed on to the
                    WebSocket library. It can be :class:`bytes` to denote a binary
                    message or :class:`str` to denote a regular text message.

> Stage Channel Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Stage Instances
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

.. function:: on_stage_instance_create(stage_instance) 
              on_stage_instance_delete(stage_instance)

    Called when a :class:`StageInstance` is created or deleted for a :class:`StageChannel`.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param stage_instance: The stage instance that was created or deleted.
    :type stage_instance: :class:`StageInstance`

.. function:: on_stage_instance_update(before, after)

    Called when a :class:`StageInstance` is updated.

    The following, but not limited to, examples illustrate when this event is called:

    - The topic is changed.
    - The privacy level is changed.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param before: The stage instance before the update.
    :type before: :class:`StageInstance`
    :param after: The stage instance after the update.
    :type after: :class:`StageInstance`

> Thread Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Threads
~~~~~~~
```

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param thread: The thread that got deleted.
    :type thread: :class:`Thread`

.. function:: on_raw_thread_delete(payload)

    Called whenever a thread is deleted. Unlike :func:`on_thread_delete` this is called
    regardless of the state of the internal cache.

    :param payload: The raw event payload data.
    :type payload: :class:`RawThreadDeleteEvent`

.. function:: on_thread_member_join(member)
              on_thread_member_remove(member)

    Called when a :class:`ThreadMember` leaves or joins a :class:`Thread`.

    You can get the thread a member belongs in by accessing :attr:`ThreadMember.thread`.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.members` to be enabled.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param member: The member who joined or left.
    :type member: :class:`ThreadMember`

.. function:: on_thread_update(before, after)

    Called whenever a thread is updated.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.guilds` to be enabled.

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param before: The updated thread's old info.
    :type before: :class:`Thread`
    :param after: The updated thread's new info.
    :type after: :class:`Thread`

> Typing Event Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Typing
~~~~~~
```

    :param channel: The location where the typing originated from.
    :type channel: :class:`abc.Messageable`
    :param user: The user that started typing.
    :type user: Union[:class:`User`, :class:`Member`]
    :param when: When the typing started as an aware datetime in UTC.
    :type when: :class:`datetime.datetime`

.. function:: on_raw_typing(payload)

    Called when someone begins typing a message. Unlike :func:`on_typing`, this is
    called regardless if the user can be found in the bot's cache or not.

    If the typing event is occurring in a guild,
    the member that started typing can be accessed via :attr:`RawTypingEvent.member`

    This requires :attr:`Intents.typing` to be enabled.

    :param payload: The raw typing payload.
    :type payload: :class:`RawTypingEvent`

Other Events Reference
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.. function:: on_group_join(channel, user)
              on_group_remove(channel, user)

    Called when someone joins or leaves a :class:`GroupChannel`.

    :param channel: The group that the user joined or left.
    :type channel: :class:`GroupChannel`
    :param user: The user that joined or left.

>     :type user: :class:`User`

Reviewer 3: This can be removed. The event was removed but the documentation stayed

Author: Good to know

    The ``channel`` parameter can be a :class:`abc.Messageable` instance.
    Which could either be :class:`TextChannel`, :class:`GroupChannel`, or
    :class:`DMChannel`.

    If the ``channel`` is a :class:`TextChannel` then the ``user`` parameter
    is a :class:`Member`, otherwise it is a :class:`User`.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.typing` to be enabled.

    :param channel: The location where the typing originated from.
    :type channel: :class:`abc.Messageable`
    :param user: The user that started typing.
    :type user: Union[:class:`User`, :class:`Member`]
    :param when: When the typing started as an aware datetime in UTC.
    :type when: :class:`datetime.datetime`

.. function:: on_raw_typing(payload)

    Called when someone begins typing a message. Unlike :func:`on_typing`, this is
    called regardless if the user can be found in the bot's cache or not.

    If the typing event is occurring in a guild,
    the member that started typing can be accessed via :attr:`RawTypingEvent.member`

    This requires :attr:`Intents.typing` to be enabled.

    :param payload: The raw typing payload.
    :type payload: :class:`RawTypingEvent`

> 
> Other Events Reference
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> .. function:: on_group_join(channel, user)
>               on_group_remove(channel, user)
> 
>     Called when someone joins or leaves a :class:`GroupChannel`.
> 
>     :param channel: The group that the user joined or left.
>     :type channel: :class:`GroupChannel`
>     :param user: The user that joined or left.
>     :type user: :class:`User`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

    :param payload: The event's data.
    :type payload: :class:`AutoModActionExecutionEvent`

Other Events Reference
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> .. function:: on_interaction(interaction)

Reviewer: This and on_application_command (as well as other things like autocomplete that aren't documented) can be put in an 'interactions' category

    .. versionadded:: 2.0

    :param interaction: The interaction data.
    :type interaction: :class:`Interaction`

.. function:: on_user_update(before, after)

    Called when a :class:`User` updates their profile.

    This is called when one or more of the following things change:

    - avatar
    - username
    - discriminator

    This requires :attr:`Intents.members` to be enabled.

    :param before: The updated user's old info.
    :type before: :class:`User`
    :param after: The updated user's updated info.
    :type after: :class:`User`

.. function:: on_webhooks_update(channel)

    Called whenever a webhook is created, modified, or removed from a guild channel.

    This requires :attr:`Intents.webhooks` to be enabled.

    :param channel: The channel that had its webhooks updated.
    :type channel: :class:`abc.GuildChannel`

.. function:: on_group_join(channel, user)
              on_group_remove(channel, user)

    Called when someone joins or leaves a :class:`GroupChannel`.

    :param channel: The group that the user joined or left.
    :type channel: :class:`GroupChannel`
    :param user: The user that joined or left.
    :type user: :class:`User`

> .. function:: on_voice_state_update(member, before, after)

Reviewer: Could possibly be placed under members
